---
layout: post
category: post
title: "BSidesSF 2024 Schedule, Registration, and Call for Volunteers"
date: 2024-03-11
---

# Join us

BSidesSF is taking place on May 4 & 5 with our theme __You Can’t Spell Dystopia Without AI__. 
During these two days, we will come together as a community to advance the body of 
Information Security knowledge by providing a forum for education, collaboration, and continued conversation.


<table>
<tr style="valign: top;">
<td style="vertical-align: top; padding: 7px;">
<h3>Call for Volunteers</h3>
Do you have a deep passion for interacting with our community? Work a minimum of 1 General shift or 2 
Safety Ops shifts to get a free BSidesSF t-shirt & badge.
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://bsidessf.org/volunteer">Learn More</a>
</td>



<td style="vertical-align: top; padding: 7px;">


<h3> Registration</h3>
Join the information security community for amazing sessions, workshops, villages, and a dystopian-themed party!
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://bsidessf.regfox.com/2024">Register</a>

</td>


<td style="vertical-align: top; padding: 7px;">

<h3>Sponsorships</h3>
BSidesSF is a volunteer and sponsor supported event.
<br/>
<br/>
Scholarship, Sunday Daytime Bar, Happy Hour, Headshots, and Wi-Fi sponsorships are still available.
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://bsidessf.org/sponsors">Sponsor Now</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

#### Highlighted Sessions

* _Kelly Thibault_ and _Lisa Hall_ on "Why Everyone Hates Vulnerability Management & How to Make Better"
* _Clint Gibler_ on "TL;DR: Applying AI to Security"
* _Adrian Sanabria_ on "AI: Best Janitor or Worst Superhero?"
* _Mukund Sarma, Jeevan Singh, Ariel Shin, Jacob Salassi and Julia Knecht_ on "Titans of Scale: Strategies to Scale Security in Expanding Organizations"

Check out these and the rest of our amazing line-up of talks, workshops and other events in our [schedule](/schedule).

We look forward to seeing you this year!


Many thanks,

The BSidesSF Organizers
